Hello everyone
this is Takuya
This time
I tried to destroy the original Game Boy in the screen now, but failed the first time
It is good
Current
The screen is broken
It becomes destruction from this state , but please enjoy without minding
I think that I want to do
Ha
The
It is the contents
It came out
To do
She
Hmm
I am
there were
Hmm
It seems that I do not know now
I do a dozen mask once
It is said now that I
not
I put an iron very much
Hmm
I will
tan
th
The
Hmm
The mute
I'm waiting
Shining
Without play I will destroy this thing itself how not only one side
Yes
not really
It is in the state which has not received the studio damage
Liked shooting
Something once
Here
Do not join the group
It is quite easy
Do you still go
Yes
Oh
Usako
What took
Corner nougat
Oh was able Taha seven told
Hmm
Do you put this luck can not be taken
Great
And spa dashing Stanton
Like this
Construction
There is something written about it
Finishing position
Nata was like a rag anymore
Vinegar
There
I do not take water
So much
This too
Fully decided
It does not come off
I was at home
Then
There is a wave
There
Farewell
Yes Go This Well then this Na is a jerk like this
Things physical condition Which is
I was able to destroy it
Take
Said to have look-
Cook
I will go with +
I will
Hmm
I can not give you
Yes Maam
I 'm afraid
life
After all
Connor this time
For this stupid experiment
I do
It became
Thank you for doing it
Laser this video
I want to end this
So will Ne Ne